We have brought together a team of expert instructors to accompany you on this journey.
My name is Anke Audenaert.
I started my work in digital analytics quite a
while back when I led the market research department at Yahoo.
I've always found digital analytics fascinating as
the insights I can gain from it make me a better marketer.
I've taught analytics for many years at the Anderson School of Business at UCLA,
and I'm excited to be joined by a team of experts in this Udacity nano degree program.
Hi, my name is Feras Alhlou,
and I'm the co-founder and Principal Consultant at E-NOR,
a Visual Analytics Consulting Firm.
The founding of E-NOR coincided with the start of the digital analytics industry.
There were no blogs, no books,
no nano degrees on digital analytics.
We have to learn everything from the ground up and became members of
a small vibrant community who established the digital analytics industry.
Our industry is now transforming at a rapid pace.
I assure you if you commit to learning,
opportunities for growth will abound no matter where you are located geographically.
I started this journey with very few resources,
but committed myself to learning and working hard.
I'm now so fortunate to be surrounded by a team of
world-class consultants and so excited to share our
learning with you and help you prepare for
the exciting and evolving opportunities in digital analytics.
My name is Damaris Lasa and I'm a digital analytics consultant at E-NOR.
I'm thankful and honored to be a guide on your journey into the world of analytics.
My fascination with analytics began during my decades long career in marketing.
I was working on incredible campaigns when I
noticed that marketing was evolving faster than I was.
Working with analytics taught me to think like a scientist,
to develop and test hypotheses,
and to use evidence in the form of data to elevate conversations,
answer questions, and support decisions.
Analytics sharpened my critical thinking skills and enhanced my problem solving skills,
two core skills you need to succeed in this industry.
Albert Einstein once said,
"The important thing is not to stop questioning,
curiosity has its own reason for existing."
I advise you to ask questions,
write your questions down,
and treasure questions.
Never stop questioning.
I come to web analytics from the perspective of 17 years as
a digital marketer before moving into full-time Analytics Consulting at E-nor.
My interests in analytics stems from using
well-planned measurement practices to answer key questions about business objectives.
During my nearly two decades in digital marketing,
the one thing that has remained constant is
the competitive advantage enjoyed by individuals and
companies that leverage their data in their day-to-day business practices.
Hello, my name is Scott Burnam and I'm a digital analytics consultant at E-NOR.
I'm looking forward to sharing some of my insight and knowledge with you.
Analytics is my second career,
but I first encountered the power and flexibility of GA while working in
higher education where my experience in marketing
was gained over the course of more than 20 years.
In that time, I oversaw and participated in numerous marketing initiatives,
including the transition to digital marketing,
retargeting campaigns, and website design and deployment.
I'm honored to have been hired by E-NOR as part of
their consulting team where I've been able to apply my experience to other verticals,
including retail, publishing, and business to business.
Regardless of where your interest lies,
we'll teach you how to support, enhance,
and even transform your approach and practices using the data you'll learn to extract,
interpret, and apply to your organization.
Everyone's journey to digital analytics is unique.
My own has included years of work in back end and front end web development,
educational software, technical communications,
digital marketing, and search engine optimization.
As analytics instructor and coach at E-NOR since 2013,
I've worked directly with hundreds of participants at different stages of their careers,
and learned about their challenges.
There has been nothing more satisfying than to hear
students say that they understand things that they didn't before,
and especially that the training helped them to do their jobs better,
and sometimes even to their career path.
This nano degree program is designed to provide exactly this benefit to you,
but like everything else in life that's worthwhile,
it will require focus and effort on your part.
The magic starts with your commitment.